Add missing docs for release 12.2.0 (#3582)
PostgREST/postgrest: docs/references/observability.rst

   127.0.0.1 - user [26/Jul/2021:01:56:38 -0500] "GET /clients HTTP/1.1" 200 - "" "curl/7.64.0"
   127.0.0.1 - anonymous [26/Jul/2021:01:56:48 -0500] "GET /unexistent HTTP/1.1" 404 - "" "curl/7.64.0"

> For diagnostic information about the server itself, PostgREST logs to ``stderr``.
> It includes the server version, the full version of the connected PostgreSQL and the schema cache statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For diagnostic information about the server itself, PostgREST logs to ``stderr``. It logs:
- The full version of the connected PostgreSQL.
- :ref:`schema cache` statistics.
- The Listener received messages.
```
